Cleanup working with tags tutorial (#558)
foundriesio/docs: source/tutorials/working-with-tags/adapting-shellhttpd.rst

     9        devel   mosquitto,shellhttpd,flask-mqtt-nginx,shellhttpd-mqtt  raspberrypi3-64
     10       devel   mosquitto,shellhttpd,flask-mqtt-nginx,shellhttpd-mqtt  raspberrypi3-64

> Check what Targetyour device is running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check what Target your device is running:
```

.. prompt:: bash host:~$, auto

    host:~$ fioctl device list

::

     NAME           FACTORY     TARGET                 STATUS  APPS                                        UP-TO-DATE
     ----           -------     ------                 ------  ----                                        ----------
     <device-name>  <factory>   raspberrypi3-64-lmp-10 OK      flask-mqtt-nginx,mosquitto,shellhttpd-mqtt  true

> Whenever you change the ``devel`` branch, FoundriesFactory® CI will build and generate a new Target tagged with ``devel``.

Author: ```suggestion
Whenever you push changes to the ``devel`` branch, FoundriesFactory® CI will build and generate a new Target tagged with ``devel``.
```

> As a result, devices following ``devel`` will update to the latest Target.

Reviewer 2: I may have missed it, but since the repository won't have a devel branch, should we just have this whole thing set to for the `main` branch instead?

Also - for wording, I think "change the devel branch" is confusing - For a minute I thought we were saying something different. Maybe "When you push changes to the branch..."

Reviewer 2: i see below you talk about setting up a devel branch now. I guess the bigger question is: "Do we want to force devel upon people to get started?". I thought the answer was "no" and we just want to get people up to speed making changes directly on main.

If we want them on devel - i can change the factory setup to include rules for a devel branch. Maybe we need @mike-scott to weigh in here.

Author: @mike-scott @rsalveti @doanac Do we have a decision on this for v91? To clarify/restate: 

*   This will be proceeded by a new tutorial on creating a new branch, but that won't be ready for this release
*   In the meantime, there is a bit of a disclaimer on this tutorial that it will require _creating_ a devel branch first, I can expand on that a bit
*   We can pull this tutorial for now and reintroduce it once the branching tutorial is ready, or we can keep it as it is in this commit.

Reviewer 2: i think it makes sense. this whole article is about working with tags.
